Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
One day, in a town at
the edge of the world...
...the tide went out
and never returned.
The sea just left without warning.
At first people were
little more than puzzled.
They continued to gossip and...
...fight over the same
old things.
soon a silence began to
permeate the township.
A desert of unbelievable
magnitude...
...was forming before
their very eyes.
We come together as
family and friends...
...to farewell him
and to grieve for him.
We think especially
of you, his family;...
...Andrew, Penny, Jonathan.
For the loss of a father, a
father-in-law and grandfather.
Part of our grief may be regret...
...for things done or left undone,...
...words said or words never said.
Subtitles by 232324
Yes?
Is Andrew there?
You must be Paul...
Please, come in...
I'm Penny.
- Hi Penny.
- Andrew's wife...
Ah, they're in here.
Andrew?
His brother.
Sorry, my….
...plane was delayed in Hong Kong.
Paul?
- Thank you.
- Thanks.
Jonathan!
So...
...how's London? Is
that where you're based?
Actually I'm spending more
time in Istanbul these days...
Oh Jesus, fuck it...
My balance is complete, fuck.
It's fine, really.
You...have a nice place.
You've really done well.
I'll get Penny to make
up a bed in a spare room.
No that's fine. I made
reservations from London.
- No really...it's no trouble.
- It's done. Andrew it's done. Thank you.
So...
- ...he's gone
- Yeah.
Paul wait...
Paul come back home...
Paul don't leave...
Paul…
Andrew?
Shit the lawyers.
Oh fuck!
Sorry.
Sorry, I wanted to be there.
Slept in. How did it go?
He left you a third.
Well, you deserve two thirds.
He left me a third as well.
And the rest?
He left it to a charity.
He... Listen I need to move on this.
We need to clear the orchard and the
cottage. I can't wait around Paul.
I made an appointment for you
to see the lawyer on Tuesday.
- Well, I'll drop by and see him later.
- You can't just drop by and see.
- You can't just drop by and see them Paul.
- Right.
Hey, you know what? Another
job came through, so…
I'm leaving...
Tomorrow.
Well you obviously have
more important things.
- I'll see you in another 17 years.
- Come on Andrew, don't be such an old?
Come on Andrew don't what?
How long have you been
here Paul? Two days?
Forget the fact this all just leaves me.
You're just like when Mom died.
Leave Mom the fuck out of it. At
least have the decency to do that.
- Decency?
- Yeah!
You think you're the one being decent?
Swanning in here like some
bloody film star with your accent?
You know nothing about me, Andrew.
Listen...
...he would have wanted
you to have these.
I almost forgot.
They handed me this
at the council meeting.
You dropped it at the pub
the afternoon of the service.
It could be useful going home.
You didn't have to lie to me, Paul.
We weren't expecting
you in the first place.
That's good wine you're spilling.
How did you find this place?
I heard music.
Mom doesn't know about this place?
No she doesn't.
It's okay.
You can stay.
When do you think you'll learn?
As soon as we get these blood samples
back and the swabs... A couple of days.
I've extended my trip.
Let's sort the house out.
Paul!
Thanks.
Green Tea.
What's he doing down there?
There's been an outbreak of some
virus. I'm praying they're okay.
He cares about you, Paul.
He never told Jonathan about me.
We each have our own way
of dealing with things.
I can't believe how
much you look like Mom.
Who is she?
That's Hope.
Is she crying?
She's thinking.
What about?
Many things.
Jesus!
What are you doing here?
It was just a place that I found...
...that no one else
comes to. And I just...
- Did he let you come here?
- No.
No one else knows that I come here.
You know… I should probably go.
Yeah, you should.
I'll give you a couple of minutes to
get your shit together and get out.
Paulie? Paulie Prior?
Hey, Winnie.
- Look who it is.
- How are you doing?
I was looking for you at the service.
I thought I bet the little bugger is here
somewhere and I don't even recognize him.
No, I had some complications.
- Oh, that's a shame.
Hey, you remember Pat...
Pat, look, look who
it is... it's Paulie.
Ms. Seager?
Well, well...
- Kia ora Paul.
- I had no idea you were still here.
What? You thought I'd dropped
off the face off the earth?
And he even has the fancy
blooming plumy accent.
War zones.
From the genocide in Rwanda to the
ceaseless fighting in the Middle East...
...and the horrors of
the Bosnian conflict.
War zones have been both home
and work for the last decade...
...to the man you are about to meet.
A man whose dedication and
courage has gained him...
...an international reputation
of the highest merit...
...not to mention the numerous
awards he has received for...
...both his articles and photographs.
And that he is an old dear student of
mine who I taught in these very buildings.
I present to you Paul Prior.
Thank you.
That was a very generous
introduction Ms. Seagar.
My school reports were never that good.
The truth is that...
...I've been called many things...
...many worse things since I last
stepped foot in this building.
Vulture, parasite, leech.
And...
...it's amazing how insults in most
languages sound pretty much the same.
I was once...
...held captive for three days...
...and publicly urinated on.
I don't really know what to say.
But I'd be happy to answer any
questions that you might have.
He was a finalist for the Pulitzer.
Pulitzer? What the hell is that?
It's a huge prize.
He had a one in three
chance of winning it as well.
He first work for printing
and for taking photos.
But he does both.
- How do you know this shit?
- I read an interview.
Sounds like a lonely wolf.
That reminds me I'm thinking
of getting a tattoo...
A little unicorn... Right here.
Why? Steve has exactly the same one?
No, I just think it would be cool.
So anyway...
...how'd it go with Jake?
- Piss off.
- Tell me!
First of all we had a moonlight
stroll down the beach...
...and a candlelight dinner...
...and then he told me
what beautiful eyes I had.
Really?
Hayýr, çük kafalý.
No you dickhead... He only got
drinks to go to Big Day Out.
He talks like is from
Brixton. You know he was like:
Yo man. Yo bitch.
But I don't think it
should be quite so obvious?
I was reading the local rag today...
...the medic team...
calling the cell phone.
Front page.
Oh God! I'd forgotten how quiet it is.
I've had this bloody ringing in
my ears ever since I got here.
Maybe the change here will do you good.
Like I said, if you ever get
bored photographing war...
You weren't being serious were you?
I'm three staff down, Paul.
I know it might sound desperate but...
Pat, I'd be hopeless, I've
never taught in my life. Come on.
You got out and made something
of yourself. What can beat that?
Half these kids don't even know what's
on the other side of those hills.
Paul?
- Great! Take one of your Mom…
- No! Don't!
Paul gave it to Jonathan…
It's got a good Zeiss lens.
It's much, much too kind.
No…it's fine. Honestly, I'm
using digital these days.
If you're going to be a serious
photographer, you need a good zoom lens.
See you tomorrow then.
- Goodnight.
- Goodnight Paul.
Jonathan said he gave
a talk at the school.
Apparently the kids really liked him.
Good.
- Can I fuck you now?
- God! You've got a way with words!
Sorry, what do you want to do then?
What you all doing man?
Just playing.
Just play carefully...
Shit! Ah! Fuck you, crazy bitch!
You're meant to stay still!
You look well.
Well used more like it.
It's different. Your
accent. ...so English.
You think?
Well, it was inevitable.
...sick of being called an Australian.
Fair enough.
- Help yourself.
- Oh no, I quit.
- Kids?
- Yeah two!
One of each.
- Remember Ben?
- Ben Steimer?
Yeah.
We got together about
18 months after you left.
He died when my first child was five.
- Motorbike.
- I'm sorry.
I was pregnant with
Sam at the time so...
...I had the kids to think about and
decided to keep the business running.
What was that?
Butchery.
Shortest butcher in New Zealand!
Really?
Yeah well I'm a ninja
with a boning knife.
No surprises there.
I see your brother from time to time.
Yeah, he's….he's up to
his neck in ostriches.
Is he still married?
I never see his wife.
No, yeah, no. I don't
think she goes out much.
How many times have I told you about
leaving the gate to the pen open?
If you think you're going to
see this again you're mistaken.
You disgust me.
Who the hell is this guy?
- Look, just an old school friend. It's no big deal.
- No big deal?
Where's my jacket?
Celia, it's rubbish night.
And please tie the bags. I don't
want dogs getting into them. Bye.
Hey, we'll be waiting.
Need a hand with that?
Done your homework?
Please take your foot away?
What? Do you think I've
never done homework?
Just asking.
I'm sure we used to be able to do this.
Did you think of me?
I was terrified of seeing you.
You remember those poems and
stories you used to write?
I was going to put music
to them, release an album...
What were we going to call ourselves?
What was it? Was it silly bastards?
Silly…stupid buggers?
Sick mother fuckers?
Sick fuckers, wasn't it?
Sick Puppy, actually.
Live at the Hammersmith.
See that's me. Eight years
behind what was going on.
But, you know, still thinking
I had created it all for myself.
Hi. I've got an assignment
where I have to...
...interview an important
local community member.
And it was a choice between you and Mr.
Aiken who set up the irrigation main.
I was just wondering if
I could interview you.
Can I come in?
Is there real coffee?
Sure. How do you love it?
Macchiato thanks.
I'm Celia by the way.
- I gather you do have some questions?
- Yes. Ah Yeah.
Okay. So, how did you
get to do what you do?
Well, I was working for a paper
in London on local articles...
...and they needed
somebody to go to Bosnia.
That's right, yeah. You were working
as a typesetter in Wellington...
...and you studied
journalism in London...
...and found your break as a feature article
writer and then a field journalist for Reuters.
And for the past 3 and a half years
you've been solidly freelance...
...living between London,
Istanbul and Paris.
Well done. Yes. That's it.
You've really done your homework.
People must worry about you
a lot doing this kind of work.
Your wife? Children?
No. Not married.
What's it like going
to war just to watch?
I'm not there to watch.
I'm there to…record.
Is that how you got those scars?
No.
I fell off my bike when I was
12 coming down a gravel track...
No other scars?
Are you going to drink your macchiato?
What's the hardest thing
you have to deal with?
Jesus...Are these
going to get any easier?
I don't know, finding a loo when you need one,
always seems to be pretty fucking impossible.
Why don't you celebrate
your birthday on Christmas?
Now tell me, which article
did you read that one in?
It was your birthday when you
took that photo of that girl.
The one you won the Pulitzer for.
I was shortlisted.
I read that when you got nominated...
...you withdrew the entry.
Long story.
I've got a 120-minute tape.
I was in Grozny.
I heard about an offensive that was
being mounted against the Russians.
I was warned by some friends
not to write about it in case...
...the Russians caught whiff
about what was going to happen.
- So what did you do?
- Wrote the article.
Then I declined sending
it through to Reuters.
They found out anyway.
And they retaliated by massacring over 100
civilians in the village outside the city.
And I'd been out all night
drinking with people...
...who were killed a few hours later.
The girl in the photo was
the... was the only survivor.
- Did you know her?
- No.
Was there anyone else around?
Not at the time, no.
- Just you?
- Just me
So then what?
I think your batteries are running flat.
Are you...
...Ben Steimer's daughter?
- Did you know him?
- Yeah.
We went to school together.
- It's a photo of a baby.
- Whose?
- I don't know. Do I mean to?
- Yeah, look at the bracelet.
No. Look: "Celia
27th-2nd-87".
That's roughly 8 months after I left.
I sent that photo nearly 16 years ago.
Why did you send it?
Why did you send it Jax?
You want an explanation?
Do you know what's it
like to be invisible, Paul?
Even just a postcard.
A phone call.
Hi, Sid...
...up there next to the hoggets.
It's in the past, okay?
Just leave it.
- Will you be needing a copy of that?
- No, thank you.
I think I need to rescue
from these Kiwi Boys.
Is a gook book is it?
The Cloud of Unknowing,
it sounds mysterious.
Where are you from?
Where am I from?
Along way from here.
Me too. Might for join you?
- Have a drink?
- OK.
Kiss me.
Am I warm?
Getting closer.
- Warmer?
- Getting warmer.
Warmer?
- Warmer, in springtime.
- Here.
Alone we are born And die alone
Yet see the red-gold cirrus
Over snow mountain shine
Upon the upland road Ride easy, stranger
Surrender to the sky Your heart of anger
Don't be frightened
of possibilities son.
She's a wonderful mistress.
It's okay.
It's okay...
Go back to sleep.
I'm helping out for a couple of weeks.
And I'm new at this,
so be patient with me.
Who knows how many words there
ar in the English language?
- Ten thousand.
- Ten thousand?
Dictionary. There's
actually over 750,000 words.
And I was a...I thought maybe
you could all choose a word...
...any word, doesn't matter what, preferably
something that means something to you...
...and then compose something
on this word. Anything...
It could be just a static image
of you if you think that's easier.
But, just so I get an
idea of who you all are...
...and what the fuck
I've gotten myself into.
Hope. Her mind is a graveyard.
Her heart is an island.
She and I are not good friends...
...but I've known
her all my life.
She sits in my belly
hollow and distant...
...and her whispered
words of encouragement…
...will never comfort me.
Mom?
I'm on to her tricks.
Her false promises.
"Go away," I tell her.
"I'm busy today… I've
got things to do."
But this acquaintance
never knows when to leave.
It's not a question of why she...
...befriended me
in the first place.
It's more a question of why
I choose to let her stay.
Teabag! Teabag!
Go away, you animal!
Come on babe!
Be my whore in front of the camera.
Your knee's bleeding.
I know. I fell.
Come on. Let's take a look at that.
Weeks passed...
...and there was still
no sign of the ocean.
The people grew worried.
It was decided to send a small
group to search for it...
...in the hope of
bringing it back.
All right, attention please.
I'd appreciate it if everyone listened.
It includes you, Mr. Brook
Look. Have any of you
seen Celia since yesterday?
No? Well, if she gets in
touch with any of you...
..., you know where
to find me. OK? Thanks.
All right. Settle down. We've
all seen a police officer before.
- Paul.
- Hello.
Look, Just wondering. Can
I have a word for a second?
- I'm already late for a class.
- It won't take long.
Back to class!
Hey, Pat, It's fine. I'm just
helping out with something.
Thanks Pat.
Did you see Celia on the weekend?
No.
She used to visit though?
Yeah.
She came by sometimes to borrow books.
How often did she pop by?
She liked to drop by most
Sundays I guess, yeah.
Liked?
Likes. I said likes, I think.
You see, cause I think
I know what Celia likes.
I mean I've known her
since she was a little kid.
She's my daughter's best friend.
I also know that you sent her an e
- mail on the weekend...
...asking her to come by and visit.
She wasn't too happy about
that from what I understand.
You see I know this Paul because
Miso agreed to drop her off.
Actually she did drop by briefly.
I don't know where did she go back.
It's nice out there at the orchard.
Quiet.
Private.
So why did you stay on?
Favour for a friend.
- How long did you guys go out for?
- What?
Mom.
Oh, she mentioned me.
When did you break up?
God, seventeen.
- The way...
- Keep your leg still.
Listen, what you wrote the other day...
...I thought it was well considered.
Well considered?
Intriguing.
I like what you've done here.
Where did all these books come from?
He never told me. Wanted to
keep it a mystery, I suppose.
Father's have got a lot to answer for?
Hey beautiful.
Sorry I'm late.
She can't have gone far.
Me and some mates are going to
take a look around Lawrence later.
Can you bring those?
Sure.
I asked for an essay about the pros and cons of
immigration, Jake, not the best places to surf.
Louise, Tonga has a
king, not a president.
I think you'll find there's more to
life in Hong Kong than dance clubs, Miso.
What? Like secret book clubs?
Paul?
Sgt. O'Neill's back. He's waiting
for you in the common room.
I told him you were busy.
You had nice handwriting as a kid.
Is this one of the books she borrowed?
I didn't, I...I didn't keep a
record to tell you the truth...the...
What? Other things
on your mind, did you?
We found this on the side of the road
the one that comes from your place.
Just want to know how
it got there, that's all.
Did she ever talk to you about leaving?
Name a teenager around here who doesn't.
There are a few actually.
- You'll make me walk in a tree.
- No, you will not.
Stop.
Okay, you can open your eyes.
Happy birthday.
Who is this anyway?
- Kiri Te Kanawa. You chose it.
- Who's she?
There are people in this country...
...who would shoot you
for asking that question.
There are people in this country...
...who would shoot you
for listening to it.
- Not that I can do such a thing.
- No?
So what's she singing about?
Love.
What do you normally
do on a Saturday night?
Who do you hang out with when
you're not having picnics with me?
What do you do, go to parties or what?
If you can call them that.
Why do want to come along?
You actually might get
to see them tea bagging.
Tea bagging? What's that?
Well, That's when guys get
a girl completely comatose...
...and then they take turns in lowering
their testicles into her eye sockets...
... and film it.
And if they're really kind they
send a copy to a paranoid friend.
First class excitement.
It's not funny!
- I don't know what we're talking about.
- Oh God!
Well I hope you keep your distance from
those kind of guys is what I'm saying.
So, tell me about you and Mom...
...back in the dark ages.
It wasn't that long ago.
My Mom wanted to sing like this?
Your mother wanted to be Patti Smith...
Come with me. Come on.
- I'll show you something.
- What?
Where did this place come from?
No one knows except my Dad.
So what are you doing here?
Write.
Think.
Mystery boy. So many secrets…
What are you doing?
Giving you something
to write about, moron.
Mom the rock star.
It's hard to believe
she even had a dream.
- Do you want to know what my dream is?
- Yeah.
I'm sitting in a café in Spain.
And don't know a single person there.
And I can't understand a single
word that anyone's saying.
I've got a glass of wine.
And I can see the sea.
- ...don't worry.
- No, go on. And?
I'm just writing.
And….yeah. And you know, it doesn't matter
if no one ever reads what I'm writing.
But, you know, I don't
want to be famous.
I just…I just want to be there.
Anyway, I'd rather be
a no one somewhere...
...than someone nowhere.
I've already packed my suitcase.
- I'm not joking.
- I'm not laughing at you.
I had a similar dream once.
Really?
Tell me.
Sometimes I'd see…
...faces...
..at night before I fell asleep...
...and people I'd never met.
And I'd wonder who they were...
... where they might
live, what they did.
It was strange because...
... it was like they knew
I was thinking about them.
Why did you become a war journalist?
Who you set out to be is
not always who you become.
You know, things happen, plans change...
I see them too.
Faces.
I wanted to give you something.
Yeah, right.
I just...I think you should enter.
You never talk about your Mom.
My Mom? She's very religious.
She had these little sermons about the
beauty God hides away in quiet corners.
Is that what your Dad
was hiding from in here.
No, they...
I think she was just quiet.
My Dad and her were very different.
My Dad didn't believe in
anything. He's an atheist.
My brother and her were very close.
I heard she had an accident.
Yes she did. She…
...she was diagnosed
bi-polar, manic-depression.
And doctors prescribed lithium
but she stopped taking it.
What happened?
She was standing in the river at
the back of the property and...
...she pointed up to
this hawk in the sky...
...and then when I
looked back she was gone.
Found the body two days later.
Is that why you push people away?
I do as I fucking please, Celia.
You know I hate to spoil
your illusions but...
...the world out there...
...isn't a bed of roses
waiting to be picked or….
...what ever it was you said, a glass
of chardonnay in a fucking tapas bar.
You understand?
It wasn't an insult.
Sorry.
OK.
Hey Jax!
Hi. I saw the smoke and I
didn't want to disturb you but...
... I remembered it was
your birthday. So I...
Get in the car!
- No!
- Celia, I am sick of this.
- Get in the car. When I said get in the car, get in the car!
- No!
You have no right to be
here. Good night Paul.
You have the audacity to bring
her here and give her alcohol?
Jax, it's not what you think.
You even presume to know what I think.
Shit!
Excuse me.
I….need a notebook. I
know it's here somewhere.
I'm...sorry Dad.
There's nothing to be sorry for...
- ...as long as you're being cautious.
- Yeah, of course.
Allways.
I'll be on my way.
You shouldn't be here.
He doesn't care.
I mean you saw for yourself.
I care.
What are you telling me? That
I'm not as important as...
...what goes on in your head?
There's just parts of me you can't have.
No one can.
- Hey. You're okay?
- Hý, hý!
Get it back to your place.
What's this?
Jesus Christ.
Did she do this? Celia
tell me, who did it?
I don't want to talk
about it. It wasn't Mom.
Hey, where is he?
- Paul, what are you doing?
- Where is he?
- Paul, what're you doing in my house?
- Where is he, Jackie? - What's going on?
- Is this the asshole?
- What?
Who the fuck is this?
Just shut up, Gareth.
Paul would you leave?
So this is the famous Paul.
You like beating up little girls, do
you. You know it's assault, is what it is.
You touch her again. I'll kill you.
Is that right mate?
Yeah. What do you call it, dickhead?
I was minding my own fucking business.
Fucking prick.
Mind your fucking business.
Cut your fuck off. Is that clear, hey?
You still wanna fucking kill me, cunt?
- Get the fuck inside! - He did fucking
start it…. - Get the fuck inside!
Do you think you can come here and...
...do this shit in front of my kids?
Have you seen her fucking bruises?
What did you think I would do?
She got a lot more than she got.
I want you to stay away from her.
You changed the birth certificate.
When were you going to tell her?
Just stay out of our lives, all right?
See you around Paul.
You fucking prick.
Hello... Hello...
Hello... Celia?
She might have gone to Spain.
No, no, no, wait. My daughter
plans on running off to Spain...
...and he sees nothing, I
don't call that irrelevant.
Come on Jackie it not like it's the
first time she's done something like this.
Oh, great.
How good, this is good. So
you are defending him now?
Okay, so when exactly did she
say she was running off to Spain?
She didn't. She didn't
say. All I knew is...
...she had the ticket. I thought she was
going to leave when school was finished.
That's all. I didn't know what to think.
Yeah. Well I know what I think.
I think you are out of your mind.
She made me promise not to tell a soul.
I'm her mother. Okay?
When exactly did she
make this promise Paul?
Was it when you were
plying her with alcohol?
I wasn't plying her
with alcohol. I gave her
...a glass, Jackie. A
child could have drunk it.
A child did drink it.
Oh yeah. And did he think of that when he was
punching the shit out of her? And the rest.
Fuck off. Don't bring me into it.
Sneaking up to her. Pissing in the
toilet while she is lying in the bath?
If it took her going half way around the world
to get away from you, you fucking asshole.
- You want a fucking bite?
- Don't!
You two stay in here.
You, get in my office.
I want a word alone.
- What's he talking about?
- Nothing.
- What the fuck is he talking about?
- Nothing, nothing…
Tell me about the last time
you saw her. Everything.
We were at the gate. She
was carrying the atlas.
She said goodbye and she left.
- No special goodbyes?
- No special goodbyes.
No, she had a couple of books she hadn't got
around to reading and I told her she could keep.
- Names of these books?
- Oh fuck! Say, what does it matter? I don't know.
Owls Do Cry by Janet Frame and...
...another one, Camus, The Outsider.
That's Camus not
canoe, C- A-M-U-S.
You smug prick.
Not all of us had to run
off to Europe, mate...
I guess you've seen this.
Small town bloody gossip.
I don't know what to do about this Paul.
The board of trustees
have called a meeting.
You don't deserve this.
You know it's fine, Pat. It's
time I left anyway. Honestly.
Hey, Jonathan. Jonathan!
Jonathan! Hey, Jonathan! Get in.
Jonathan, get in the
car, it's bloody freezing.
Come on.
Put your seat belt on.
Were you having sex with her?
What?
You know who.
Who said that? Who said that?
Who?
Kids at school...
...said you were giving
her special coaching in bed.
And you believed them?
And you believed?
How's that camera going? I
haven't seen you with it lately.
As the days went on, more
and more people went looking.
The people searched far and wide.
But the ocean had
vanished without a trace.
The quiet land once bountiful...
...had become hard
and unyielding.
Then a shape appeared
on the horizon.
Through a blaze of hate...
..., the people saw what looked like
tumbling water rolling towards them.
A wave of excitement
passed through the town...
...as they anxiously
watched the ocean return.
But as it grew closer the shape
began to alter and mutate.
What looked like
tumbling water...
... was in fact wild horses.
Everywhere they turned, they saw
horses drawing closer and closer.
Their excitement turned to fear.
And their fear became panic...
...for it seemed that nothing
could stop their advance.
Which as the ocean's
disappearance...
...had come without warning.
But then no one...
...not even for a moment...
..., had stopped to question why the
ocean had left in the first place.
Mr. Prior.
I am Detective Inspector
Farnon from Wellington C.I.V.
This is Detective Dunleavy.
I have a warrant to
search these premises...
...and I'll need you to accompany
me to the station for questioning.
I'll need your passport
and keys to your car.
I believe there's a shed
where Celia used to visit you.
Right then, let's get you home.
Why did Celia come to
your place last Sunday?
- Did you hear the question?
- Yes.
I understand that she
visited you regularly.
What was the nature of the visits?
- We talked about things.
- What things?
Europe.
Books.
Celia wants to be a writer.
I am not flesh. I am not blood.
They can look all they like...
...but they'll never see me.
If I never hear your love...
...or hold your hand again in this life,
promise me we will touch when I am dead.
It's called "Poem for a Lonely Friend".
Would you consider yourself lonely Paul?
Thank you.
Would you keep that door closed please?
Why did Celia keep visiting you even
though her parents had forbidden it?
- Parents?
- Mother.
I guess she saw something in me.
And what was that?
Well, I'm not Celia.
Then perhaps you'd like to tell
me what it was you saw in her?
I know this is diffi...
I remember being her.
Fuck off! Fuck you!
What did you do this time?
Come on leave me alone now. Go away.
Just fucking go.
- Come on, leave me alone. I don't need this shit, Celia. Just…..go.
- What?
Did Mom say something to you?
Your Mom threatened to
ring the school, yeah. Okay?
No it's not okay.
God she's so fucking presumptuous.
Who the fuck cares what she thinks?
She's got a fucking boyfriend.
He wears boat shoes. He bought her a
pair and now they're both wearing them.
You never see a fucking
boat around here.
I just came to tell you
that I entered the contest.
Well that's great, now get going.
It's not like we're
friends or something, Paul.
That was you who said
that we shouldn't care...
...what other people think of us?
Or were you just saying that?
...how you and Mom used to go out...
...and now it's me and
you that are friends?
I feel like I've known
you my whole life.
Yeah, well it's a small world.
No, it isn't a small world.
Were you guys in love?
There must've been something going
on if you tattooed each others feet.
It's a little hard to
imagine what you saw in her.
Well, you're not the first person
to feel that way about their parents.
Anyway it's a long time ago.
When I was implant...
...Mum was only sixteen.
You'd tell me if you knew anything?
Is that a promise?
Oh stuff it.
Let's get wet. Come on.
Oh geez! Andrew...Jonathan…
We were on our way home from church
and thought we'd stop for a cuppa.
Fuck!
It's freezing!
Have you seen this new
thing that they're building?
It looks like a giant barn.
I'm gonna to go to the bathroom.
I'll put the kettle on.
Family and friends
of Celia Steimer...
... are doing everything possible to help
police find her. More than 50 volunteers...
...are now scouring waterways and
bushlands in the Marshall Road forest.
The 16 year old Rapari Junction H.S. student
has been missing now for more than a week.
D.I. Robin Farland says...
... they have to
consider every option.
She acknowledged a local man...
... is helping them
with their inquiries...
...and the police will also be
visiting every house in the area.
He'll be fine.
Let them handle it.
- Please just use an ashtray.
- Okay.
Listen, I spoke to the
lawyer in Alexandra...
...and he reckons he's handled
this sort of thing before, so.
He wants you to give him a
call first thing in the morning.
Hey, what…
What sexual position creates
the ugliest offspring?
- What sexual position creates...
- I don't know Paul.
Ask your mother!
Can you imagine if she saw
us now? Can you imagine that?
What do you think she'd say?
Two brothers having a drink and a chat.
What do think? She'd be proud, or what?
- Why are you doing this, Paul?
- Doing what?
- You know exactly what.
- Why can't you just talk to me?
Fuck you.
What the fuck are you looking at?
Never seen two brothers talking before?
You want to talk, let's talk.
Forget the fact you come in here
blind drunk and interrupt a meeting...
...but then you just bring up Mom
like that? I mean, how dare you?
I realize you are in
a spot of bother Paul...
...but that doesn't give you the
right to behave like this. The truth?
You were never there for Mom when
mom was sick. Where the hell were you?
Brilliant. So you do have an opinion. OK
Andrew. What the fuck is that supposed to mean?
I couldn't get near her.
Blame it all on me. I had to be
you. Did you know that? And she...
You made fucking sure of it.
A happy little fucking threesome:
Andy, Mom and God. Noone else invited.
You were begged to do it.
You were begged to do it Paul.
And you never took one
single step towards her.
I never want when Dad turned
to the booze, you know,...
...at least for all his faults,
he let me in. He let me in Andrew.
I was the one who made
his funeral, remember?
Do you understand? You've always
thinked that man. You listen to me Paul.
You listen, listen to me.
You know sometimes I look at you...
...and all I see is him.
Just him.
I find that quite disheartening.
Yeah, well, at least I didn't
marry my fucking mother.
She's always been like that or
was it just when she met you?
Go to hell Paul.
- Just open it.
- No.
- Give...the letter to me.
- Celia, give me the fucking letter
- No...!
It doesn't matter.
Open it. Will you just open it?
No. You open it.
- Open it.
- I don't want to.
- Ha?
- No.
One day confused...
Amid the 2000 or so entries we were...
...delighted with Ms Steimer's story.
This work shows an emerging
remarkable talent for someone so young.
It catches a sense of
beauty, mystery and loss...
...without ever losing
sight of what might be.
I wonder who came in first.
I'll tell you who came first.
Someone three times your probably, someone
who bloody well deserved to come first.
Thank you for making it special for me.
The den and everything.
I need a cigarette to cope
with this sort of scenery.
In the car. I'll be back in a tic.
Can you leave me your jacket?
Are you going to be home tonight?
I need you to baby sit Sam.
Celia, I asked you a question?
Fuck!
Is he my father?
I wish it were that simple.
Hey! You!
What's up?
Did you know?
- Answer me! Did you know?
- Ah, Celia...
I know what you did when you
took the photo of that girl.
You walked away and left her.
That's why you withdrew the entry...
...so you wouldn't even
have to deal with her.
- You don't know...
- Don't.
Was she just another photo?
Just another picture of
this fucking war puzzle...
...that you try to figure out?
Was she just like me?
Was she just someone...
...you could pick up and
throw away and forget about?
How do you live with yourself?
Andrew!
Penny, are you there?
Will you just open the door?
I just need somewhere to stay.
Come on Penny, I know you're in there.
You know Jonathan all
that stuff in the papers...
...that's all just speculation.
All right? That's...
...It's rubbish. They have no proof.
I'm still your uncle
No you're not.
Do you think we're both fucking stupid?
- What did you say?
- Leave me alone!
I hope they kill you.
I hope they...
Why did you do?
- Why did you do?
- It's OK, it's OK. It's allright.
It's all right. I know you like her.
I know you like her. It's all right.
Listen you have to tell me
what you meant by "both of you".
Look at me. What did you mean
"both of us think you're stupid"?
Tell me what you meant by both of us? I'm not going
to hurt you. I promise I'm not going to hurt you.
What is it Jonathan?
I was looking for my camera.
I thought he was hiding
it to protect you.
Where is he?
In Christchurch 'til tomorrow.
Paul? Paul, are you there?
I just heard from the lawyer.
What do you mean you don't want to sell?
You can't. I'm up to my eyeballs...
- What the hell did you do that for?
- Get up!
Get up!
What were you going to do? Plant
it at my place like the atlas?
This is really unnecessary. Okay. Okay.
There was a time I wondered
why you up and left.
You knew what he was up to, didn't you?
At least look at me and tell me...
...you didn't know before
you pull that trigger.
You know the really sad part?
I didn't even find out
until I read the will.
That's how far back I was. But
then how was I to know Paul?
I was only a kid, a 15 year old kid.
You killed me when you
walked away and left me...
...with that evil piece of scum.
You think you even get a second
fucking chance? You knew you bastard.
And you had the gall to come back here
and bring that thing into our house.
My mother's house!
And God knows what
you're doing with her...
...but then like father like son.
Andrew, you don't know what
the fuck you're talking about.
He was screwing that
teenage whore of yours.
- No!
- He was. You knew it.
- And you walked...
Andrew no!
It's got nothing to do with you.
You saw it with your own eyes.
You knew and you walked
and you never looked back.
What did you do to her?
Our mother died the moment
that bastard was conceived.
Just tell me.
Wherefore come out from among them,
and be separated, said the Lord.
And touch not the unclean thing.
Mom!
Tell me.
Go ahead and cry. It's about
time you cried for our mother.
I'll kill you. I fucking
swear I'll kill you.
I told her everything.
Everything.
Someone had to set the record straight.
I had a right to that money, Paul.
That money was mine if
nothing else, at least that...
And I should give her a third at
18 along with a nice little letter.
Rather convenient, hey!
Nice and smooth.
She wanted proof.
She asked to see the will.
Wait here.
Mom was there.
What?
What are you doing in here?
I was just looking.
Who are you?
He brought me here.
I know what you are.
You have no right to be in my house.
I want you to stay away from
my family. Is that clear?
Stay away.
So he told you about me.
Haven't you told her?
I told you to wait outside.
Is it true, Andrew?
You people.
Get out!
She smiled, Paul.
Simple misunderstanding.
What's done is done...
For what it's worth,
Mom wants it this way.
Uncle Paul.
Jonathan?
Can you come over?
I rang the police.
Am I in trouble?
No you're not.
Paul wait...
Paul come back home...
Paul don't leave... Paul…
The people had no
choice but to trust...
...that the horses would
lead them to their ocean.
Without reins or saddles...
...they rode the horses
across the barren land.
But the ocean had
disappeared for good.
And the people,
together and alone...
...had no choice but to face
each other in their loss.
They made a home for themselves
in a new environment.
Although one that
had changed forever.
They learnt to live in the
space the ocean had left.
Although it lingered
in their dreams.
- Celia! - Your e-mail
said it was urgent.
Yeah, I…I just wanted to see you.
I've just been reading your story.
So, you want to come
in? Have a cup of tea?
I'll make you a macchiato.
I wanted to give you this.
It's a bit out of date.
I don't think the world has
changed that much in 25 years.
Have a look inside.
- What's this?
- What do you think it is?
It's open. So you can
use it anytime you like.
You can leave after schools finished.
Hey, Celia, this is not some pathetic
attempt to make everything all right.
It's….It's just...
...the ticket is just a gift.
You knew about Mom and
your father together.
But I didn't know about you.
Why didn't you just tell me?
I didn't know how.
I'm sorry.
Look.
In Spain...
..., there's a place called Andalusia.
It's hot and it's white and dusty.
And you can see the ocean.
This is it.
I can drive you home.
It's okay. I can walk.
Hey Paul,...
...about the ticket...
Don't worry about it, of course.
Promise?
Yeah, it's our secret.
Es nuestro secreto.
I thought you couldn't speak Spanish.
Adios brother.
Bye Celia.
Subtitles by 232324
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org